Updated Docker Guidance (#12624)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/forward-logs/enable-log-management-new-relic.mdx

        Collect logs from apps running in Docker containers, either standalone or when using Kubernetes
      </td>
      <td>
        For Kubernetes environments, use our [Kubernetes plugin](/docs/logs/forward-logs/kubernetes-plugin-log-forwarding/).
        
        For Docker environments, we offer a few options:

>         * Use our [APM logs in context](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context)

Reviewer: @lchapman4 For the logs in context option, do they need to do anything additional for Docker? Does that mean that all Docker customers will automatically have their host logs collected _because_ they're using APM agents?

Author: For the apm logs-in-context option nothing else is needed on their part. That said, if they use the apm method they will not collect host-level logs. That's a natural limitation of docker. To collect host level logs they would need to use our infra agent installed on the host.

Author: Hey @ally-sassman sorry, I lost track of this. Is anything else needed for this PR?

>         * Use our infrastructure agent. In the `logging.yml` config file be sure to tail the `/var/log/containers/*.log` directory. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Use our infrastructure agent to collect host-level logs. In the `logging.yml` config file be sure to tail the `/var/log/containers/*.log` directory. For example:
```

          ```yml
          logs:
           - name: Docker-logs
             file: /var/log/containers/*.log # Path to Docker log files
          ```

>         * Use our [Standalone Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/newrelic/newrelic-fluentbit-output).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Use our [Standalone Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/newrelic/newrelic-fluentbit-output)
```

        Collect logs from apps running in Docker containers, either standalone or when using Kubernetes
      </td>
      <td>

>         Use our [Kubernetes plugin](/docs/logs/forward-logs/kubernetes-plugin-log-forwarding/) for Kubernetes environments. 
>         For Docker environments customers have multiple options:
>         
>         * Use our [APM logs in context](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context).
>         * Forward Docker logs using our infrastructure agent. In the config file be sure to tail the `/var/log/containers/*.log` directory.
>           **Example:**
> 
>           ```yml
>           logs:
>            - name: Docker-logs
>              file: /var/log/containers/*.log # Path to Docker log files
>           ```
>         * Use our [Standalone Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/newrelic/newrelic-fluentbit-output).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For Kubernetes environments, use our [Kubernetes plugin](/docs/logs/forward-logs/kubernetes-plugin-log-forwarding/).
        
        For Docker environments, we offer a few options:
        * Use our [APM logs in context](/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/getting-started/get-started-logs-context)
        * Use our infrastructure agent. In the `logging.yml` config file be sure to tail the `/var/log/containers/*.log` directory.
          **Example:**

          ```yml
          logs:
           - name: Docker-logs
             file: /var/log/containers/*.log # Path to Docker log files
          ```
        * Use our [Standalone Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/newrelic/newrelic-fluentbit-output).

```
